# topStreamedArtists
Lab #2 - Report: Who appears on the top streamed list?
This java program reads in a CSV file of Spotify's Top 200 artist chart and outputs number of times each artist appeared in the top 200 and a list of a sorted chart with no duplicates. 

This repository contains a music.csv file containing the original chart downloaded from Spotify, the source code "topStreamedList", and two output file - "artist&number.txt" - that has the artist total appearance list and the other one "Artists-WeekOf08302020.txt" that contains a sorted chart (no duplicates). 

First, I read the CSV file using a multidimensional array and used the .split() method to separate each section in a line and put them in an array. Next, to count the frequency, I made a method that takes the multi-array, took the name of artists, and puts it in a different string array. Then using a Tree-Map, I set the String as a key and Integer as a number that will have the frequency and started to read the multidimensional array. The reason I picked Tree-map because it doesn't contain duplicates, it sorts my array and easier to count the frequency. Then I returned the Tree-Map and printed out the list of artist frequency from the main method. Next, I decided to printout the original chart but more in a formal way that won't have duplicates. For that, I also used a TreeMap because I wanted it to be sorted based on the artist's name and it will only take the first instance of an artist, i.e. if the artist appears again, it will not put it on the map. Then I return the TreeMap in my main method and print out the data. 

I had a hard time finding which data structure would be easy to calculate the frequency of each artist. After research and trying different structure, I decided to use TreeMap because my data will be sorted with no duplicates and it is easier to work with. 
